= dropblog

Dropblog is an "opinionated" drop-in blog engine for Rails. For truly easy deployment, it depends on a few key components, although you can override various components if your opinions vary.

Dropblog is in extreme alpha at the moment, with no tests or real sanity yet. Use at your own risk.

Dependencies:

- Articles database table (see migration in lib/migrations/create_articles). *Generator / changeable table name coming soon.*
- HTML5 (use Modernizr or HTML5 shim to support those sorry IE users)
- CanCan for authorization
- SimpleForm or Formtastic for form construction
- ActsAsTaggableOn for tagging *(will become optional shortly)*

Configuration hooks (Dropblog::Engine.config):

- title: Blog title
- description: Used in RSS feed
- blogs: An array of blog names (such as :main, :engineering, etc.) Defaults to just [:main].
- comments: Service to use for comments (defaults to :facebook, which is also currently the only option)
- published_at_format: Date format displayed in article
- link_to_user: if true, links the article byline to the user
- facebook_like: if true, shows a Facebook like button on each article
- excerpt_sentences: number of sentences to show for excerpt (if excerpt is not defined in the model)
- index_defaults and show_defaults: Hash containing boolean options :hide_comments and/or :excerpt (if true, show excerpt instead of body)
- article_class: CSS class on each <article> element
- nav_class: CSS class on the <nav> element



== Contributing to dropblog
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Mike Laurence. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

